USAGE: apksigner verify [options] apk

This checks whether the provided APK will verify on Android. By default, this
checks whether the APK will verify on all Android platform versions supported
by the APK (as declared using minSdkVersion in AndroidManifest.xml). Use
--min-sdk-version and/or --max-sdk-version to verify the APK against a custom
range of API Levels.


        OPTIONS

--print-certs         Show information about the APK's signing certificates

--print-certs-pem     Show information about the APK's signing certificates and prints the PEM
                      encoding of each signing certificate to stdout.

-v, --verbose         Verbose output mode

--min-sdk-version     Lowest API Level on which this APK's signatures will be
                      verified. By default, the value from AndroidManifest.xml
                      is used.

--max-sdk-version     Highest API Level on which this APK's signatures will be
                      verified. By default, the highest possible value is used.

-Werr                 Treat warnings as errors

--in                  APK file to verify. This is an alternative to specifying
                      the APK as the very last parameter, after all options.

-h, --help            Show help about this command and exit

        JCA PROVIDER INSTALLATION OPTIONS
These options enable you to install additional Java Crypto Architecture (JCA)
Providers, such as PKCS #11 providers. Use --next-provider to delimit options of
different providers. Providers are installed in the order in which they appear
on the command-line.

--provider-class      Fully-qualified class name of the JCA Provider.

--provider-arg        Value to pass into the constructor of the JCA Provider
                      class specified by --provider-class. The value is passed
                      into the constructor as java.lang.String. By default, the
                      no-arg provider's constructor is used.

--provider-pos        Position / priority at which to install this provider in
                      the JCA provider list. By default, the provider is
                      installed as the lowest priority provider.
                      See java.security.Security.insertProviderAt.


        EXAMPLES

1. Check whether the APK's signatures are expected to verify on all Android
   platforms declared as supported by this APK:
$ apksigner verify app.apk

2. Check whether the APK's signatures are expected to verify on Android
   platforms with API Level 15 and higher:
$ apksigner verify --min-sdk-version 15 app.apk
